listen up now I've made it very clear
that this movie right here is a freaking
work of art since way back at Sundance
I've been hyping this thing up to the
point that I've even delayed this ellamy
right here because of its spoilers
because I really wanted you guys to go
see it and if for some reason you don't
like listening to a cartoon recommending
you movies then take it from the human
version of me who went out search for
the producer and got the inside scoop of
the secret movie within the movie no one
had ever asked us about Easter eggs like
no one had ever asked us about like hey
I saw something in there like what was
that all about
and that was you let me explain so if
you don't know anything about the movie
it's actually one of the best of the
year it all takes place on computer
screens and cell phones as the father
tries to find his missing daughter who
he's drifted from ever since the mom
died from cancer and while many would
look at it and think it's a gimmick now
this creates one of the most visceral
experiences of the year like the entire
time you're wondering whether the dad
did it did the uncle do it the friends
did she just run away was it a complete
stranger only to realize that all the
clues to solve the case are right there
in the first freakin 15 minutes of the
movie when David's collecting info he
jots down how her classmate Robert who
is the one who did it all has always had
a crush on Margo and his mom works for
the SBPD
they even foreshadow ha Margo would
survive the fall from robber who pushed
her from this little news ticker about a
dude who had survived something very
similar the school being the home of the
catfish adds to how robber pretended to
be fish and chips in order to get closer
to Margo online her favorite Pokemon is
uke see who erases memories just like
she wants to it's even a lake Guardian
when she spends all her time while
Roberts favorite is kecleon who knows
how to camouflage which is exactly what
that dude is doing there's also a whole
other video that i'ma make once I get
the VOD cuz officer Vick give herself
away so many times when she was trying
to cover up from a kid but also the
movie deserves it that doesn't make
sense this is not something
my daughter she's acting like a totally
different person earlier she was acting
like a different person so if the main
thriller wasn't enough there's also a
bunch of other bits that flush things
out like text messages from a lady
trying to get another date with David
and even cursing him out when he's not
responding to her until she watches the
news and realizes that his daughter is
missing there's a whole back-and-forth
conversation with a grandma that takes
place in Korean as she actually flies
over but is having trouble getting an
uber and there's even a bunch of other
Easter eggs that don't relate to the
movie but to other stuff like Laura
Barnes from unfriended who would have
been trending in 2016 on Facebook of all
places a bunch of autofill URLs for
things like TV tropes calm the homies
even slipped in an honest trailer for
searching on YouTube even had some of
the recommended spots be for their past
short films and director a nice Chianti
who's a huge fan of M night Shyamalan
even slipped in some references to some
of his biggest characters by naming
everyone in this photo after them but
then comes the big one the secret movie
within the movie aliens all throughout
the film there's actually glimpses of an
entire different story that's happening
in the background as reports and
hashtags talk about green lightening in
fact with my talks with Seb he broke
down every single one in his magnum opus
as there's a government conspiracy
that's kind of going on dealing with an
alien invasion there's a NASA informant
that's found dead a super-earth that's a
Bruin it gets to the point where right
at the end of the movie before they find
Margo the president himself is actually
about to address the country in a speech
because of this intergalactic dilemma
and then we fast-forward so does that
mean we're not gonna see more of the
storyline develop in their next movie
run I personally think so but in the
meantime i'ma go watch it a sixth time
to search for more clues thank you guys
for checking out this video as always
let me know your thoughts down below in
the comment section you guys know I've
been talking about this movie like crazy
hopefully if you've already seen it
shout out to you if you haven't seen it
then there's all these extra little
Easter eggs and the extra storyline will
let you go and watch it and again the
whole full interview where he talks
about it more I got it linked right
there over at the A to Z show but like I
said I thought about this movie to the
point that some people think that I'm
working with Sony complete opposite Sony
I love your movie keep shouting it out
because I believe in it but y'all gotta
stop tagging the videos alright you
ain't got to pay me just stop
copyrighted my videos rights but you
don't copyright this one that would
really suck if I'm promoting this movie
trying to help out as much as I can and
they ding me there's gonna be a fuller
bigger let me explain once the VOD comes
out like I said because I know you guys
like me going from B to B at certain
points there's a bunch of other Easter
eggs I'm still missing but I was the VOD
comes out I'm gonna make a full one on
that because I definitely want to show
you all the little tidbits the editing
and this is insane but other than that
let me know your thoughts down below in
the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe every one day
I'll make a let me explain on your movie